docs: describe the purpose of the _dev dirs (#954)
elastic/integrations: docs/definitions.md

* Zero or more ingest pipelines
* An Elastic Agent policy template

## Development Extensions: '_dev' directories

> The `_dev` directory is an extension to [the standard package spec](https://github.com/elastic/package-spec), which has been created for development purposes. It can be defined on the following levels:

Reviewer: This is not quite accurate. The `_dev` folders are actually covered by the package spec itself. See:
- https://github.com/elastic/package-spec/blob/7bf0ce9f5e865e01581a8c2dfa2adefbae0c2bf2/versions/1/spec.yml#L47-L52
- https://github.com/elastic/package-spec/blob/7bf0ce9f5e865e01581a8c2dfa2adefbae0c2bf2/versions/1/data_stream/spec.yml#L78-L83

Reviewer: So I wouldn't call them extensions to the package spec. Also, saying "standard" package spec implies there is a... non-standard package spec?

Also, the package spec uses the terminology, "folder containing development resources". For consistency, lets use the same terminology here.

Author: Is it possible to describe here what `development resources` means? Our intention os to clarify how to extend the extension from testing standpoint. If you can add a _suggestion_ in the file itself, that would be superb 😊

Reviewer: Yeah, the use of "development resources" in the package spec is deliberately generic. It's intended to cover any types of files/folders needed only at development time. This includes resources needed for testing but also includes any templates that might be used for generating documentation.

Focussing on testing:
- the package-level `_dev` folder contains files needed to setup the testing environment for that package. This environment setup is specified via folders/files in the  `_dev/deploy` folder. For example, the `apache` package [specifies](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/master/packages/apache/_dev/deploy) how to spin up an Apache Docker container for testing.
- the data stream-level `_dev` folder contains test configuration files for various types of tests. For example, see the [`_dev/test` folder](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/master/packages/apache/data_stream/error/_dev/test) under the `apache/error` data stream.

Author: This is very well explained, thanks! I'll add it to the docs now

> The `_dev` directory is an extension to [the standard package spec](https://github.com/elastic/package-spec), which has been created for development purposes. It can be defined on the following levels:

Author: ```suggestion
The `_dev` directory is an extension to [the package spec](https://github.com/elastic/package-spec), containing development resources. These development resources cover any types of files/folders needed only at development time. This includes resources needed for testing but also includes any templates that might be used for generating documentation. In the future it could include other files/folders needed just at development time. It can be defined on the following levels:
```

Reviewer: Again, let's please not call it an "extension" to the package spec. That implies that the `_dev` directory is not part of the package spec itself, which is not accurate.

Author: I'll remove it. This sentence was provided by the team and I just pasted it in the editor 😃

Reviewer 2: Sorry, that was me. It's true that there is no official extensions to the spec, but I used to call it like this informally. This is because we don't copy `_dev` resources to package-storage (it contains only the package files used by either Agent, Kibana or EPR).

I'm fine with renaming it, although I like the term "extension" :)

Reviewer: I understand the informal use but using inconsistent terminology or concepts in different places (here vs. package spec) is going to cause confusion for readers who encounter both. Let's reserve "extension" for if/when we actually need an extension 😄. 

I like the latest suggestion, where we simply say:

> the `_dev` directory is part of the package spec, containing development resources.

And then we explain what those resources can be.

It explains the purpose of the folder without introducing new and potentially confusing terminology. 👍

> 1. **Package** level ([spec.yml](https://github.com/elastic/package-spec/tree/master/versions/1/_dev/spec.yml)): the directory contains resources to "build" docs content and "deploy" services for system tests.
> 1. **Data-stream** level ([spec.yml](https://github.com/elastic/package-spec/tree/master/versions/1/data_stream/_dev/spec.yml)): the directory contains "test" definitions for, i.e. pipeline and system tests.

Author: ```suggestion
1. the package-level `_dev` folder contains files needed to setup the testing environment for that package. This environment setup is specified via folders/files in the `_dev/deploy` folder. For example, the `apache` package [specifies](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/master/packages/apache/_dev/deploy) how to spin up an Apache Docker container for testing.
1. the data stream-level `_dev` folder contains test configuration files for various types of tests. For example, see the [`_dev/test` folder](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/master/packages/apache/data_stream/error/_dev/test) under the `apache/error` data stream.
```

> >The integrations have also asset and static tests. They don't require config files, but configs can be used to mark them as optional.

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this is formatted as a quote. Is this sentence being quoted from somewhere else?

> >The integrations have also asset and static tests. They don't require config files, but configs can be used to mark them as optional.

Author: ```suggestion
The integrations have also asset and static tests. They don't require config files, but configs can be used to mark them as optional.
```

> The integrations have also asset and static tests. They don't require config files, but configs can be used to mark them as optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integrations have also [asset](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package/blob/master/docs/howto/asset_testing.md) and [static](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package/blob/master/docs/howto/static_testing.md) tests. They don't require config files, but configs can be used to mark them as optional.
```
